Policy consolidation (#35)
basecamp/policies: privacy/index.md

At this time, our sites and applications do not respond to Do Not Track beacons sent by browser plugins.

### Voluntary correspondence

When you write Basecamp with a question or to ask for help, we keep that correspondence, including the email address, so that we have a history of past correspondences to reference if you reach out in the future.

We also store any information you volunteer like surveys. Sometimes when we do customer interviews, we may ask for your permission to record the conversation for future reference or use. We only do so if you give your express consent.

### Information we do not collect

We don’t collect any characteristics of protected classifications including age, race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. You may provide these data voluntarily, such as if you include a pronoun preference in your email signature when writing into our Support team.

> We also do not collect any biometric data. You are given the option to add a picture to your user profile, which could be a real picture of you or a picture of something else like your spirit animal. We do not extract any information from profile pictures: they are for your use alone.

Author: ```suggestion
We also do not collect any biometric data. You are given the option to add a picture to your user profile, which could be a real picture of you or a picture of something else that represents you best. We do not extract any information from profile pictures: they are for your use alone.
```
